[2026-06 CWG Motion 17] P4101R1 Consteval-only Values for C++26 (#9137)
cplusplus/draft: source/expressions.tex

\begin{example}
\begin{codeblock}
consteval int plus1(int x) { return x + 1; }
template <auto V> struct C {};

auto a = plus1;             // error: immediate object not associated with constexpr variable
constexpr auto b = plus1;   // OK
auto c = C<plus1>();        // OK

auto d = ^^int;         // error: immediate object not associated with constexpr variable
auto e = C<^^char>();   // OK
\end{codeblock}
\end{example}
Each expression $E$ that odr-uses a variable that declares or referes to an immediate object
shall be in an immediate function context; a diagnostic is required only if either
\item the innermost declaration that contains $E$ or
\item the defining declaration of the variable is reachable from the other.
\end{itemize}

\pnum
A core constant expression is a \defnadj{constant}{expression} unless it is a prvalue whose result
object\iref{basic.lval} has a constituent value that is an invalid pointer value\iref{basic.compound}
or is indeterminate or erroneous\iref{basic.indet}

\pnum
A constant expression is an \defnadj{immediate}{constant}{expression} if it is either
\begin{itemize}
\item a glvalue that refers to an immediate object or an immediate function, or

> \item a pr value whose result object is an immediate object

Reviewer: The "(if any)" part was from CWG3136 although it wasn't mentioned in the paper. We should keep it.
```suggestion
\item a prvalue whose result object (if any) is an immediate object
```
